okay so I just spent the last basically
two hours just trying to debug why my
esp32 hold on my esp32 wasn't working
and I figured out first I need to
install a
driver and then the other thing is this
USB
cable this actually transmits data but
uh the other ones that I tried they
don't they didn't have data so they
didn't make a sound like when I plug
this in it goes
but but so with that I know that at
least it's whatever then after I
downloaded the the drivers I went over
to device manager hold
on okay and then here I see ports and
then I see the driver that I added
to whatever is on Comm 9 so I kept
trying to write to uh um com 3 and all
the other ones but no it has to be the
one that is set up with this driver
otherwise it's not going to
work
um probably shouldn't do
this okay
so I'm going to close that okay so now
we can try
to um drive a Servo off of this thing I
guess so I'm going to plug it in to the
breadboard problem is it's kind of a
thick
boy maybe I could use female to male
connectors actually
okay okay so we need to give
it oh yeah so we we will need the
breadboard okay literally always forget
I don't know why they don't just use the
normal colors but
um okay red is power oranges signal
ground okay so this goes
to ground this goes to 5 Vols this goes
to signal so I connect it to D1 so let
me push this in here then I'll connect
it to
D1 okay so
now uh let's see this Servo controller
it should still work I
think
um okay
so yeah so let's just try it we needed
power
though we need power
so a couple streams ago you can go find
it but we took this old thing that
outputs about 2 amps and 5.4 volts which
is about in the range that we want for
this
Servo so what we did is we took this
thing and we cut it off and we
added leads to it so we can plug it into
a
breadboard okay so now it's plugged in
in probably should have done that the
other way
around but
whatever okay
now we want to attach the servo to
one okay so does this just listen for
serial commands yes it does okay so
let's just try to run this
thing bro the other day I was like
putting my head down and a bird just
came and landed on on
me oh you kid oh bro you kidding
me that is so
lame where's the repo
okay how do I get it
so now do I have to call
this come on come on come
on come on
all
right
[Music]
um
wait um yeah okay that should be
okay
uh okay but it
didn't oh
wait okay but it didn't actually do
anything
okay that's
annoying so why is
that I got the pin out
right oh because I'm dumb as
hell where's D1
at least they don't call it
that these pin outs goofy as hell
I think it's spazzing
out okay I don't know why I was spazzing
out I'm going to try the other one
supposed to be a drop in replacement
right
I mean it sort of worked
but I don't know why it didn't
work okay so this is definitely black
white
wa or orange is signal right okay this
goes
to okay so for the some reason this one
is like
nice all right so let's try it
again oh
wait
what for
is it because
the I don't get it
okay wait let's just try
this there's probably examples
for for
what is min and Max oh
okay I don't know what the hell these
are for but if we try to
well well you know what first we should
try to see if this
works oh oh oh wait but then why did
that work
wait but is it third yeah it's 13 okay
but then we also want to
set Sero my
Servo okay let's try that
oh bro I just want this thing to work
because this is not even the fun part
damn it
okay fine so we're going to go
here server pin 17
can we just change
that
for for
is it possible that we
didn't we didn't do this
oh okay so the problem was the ground
was not tied together so we really do
need the
ground so
basically so now this thing is rotating
the problem was this wire I don't know
if you can see it I have these grounds
tied together but I just added this
black wire that ties the arduino's
ground to the ground of the power of the
uh 5 vol
so we should be good to go now let's try
to go back to
[Music]
this okay that didn't do anything oh
because uh change this back to
pin you know what
okay so it seems like it
works all right it's crazy how hot these
things get they really get
warm all right so
um uh okay okay is this in a git repo
where is this even
saved is it even tell
me okay so the next
step is we need
to we need to get this thing to connect
to
WiFi and
then once it's oh
wait okay I'm so bad about remembering
to do
that so once this
code okay this code works but it needs
to listen
for not over cereal but over
[Music]
um a socket
okay so the first thing we need to do is
we need to make this thing join the
Wi-Fi so to make the ESP join the wifi
it's probably down here Wii
okay I'm just going to look it
up for
I don't even
remember where we put
this the freck
oh here we
go okay
let's see I'm always curious to see what
this does
okay
for for
I don't know why it doesn't work but
whatever
what
happened whatever
okay
so you know what um
whatever uh I don't know how we're going
to do
this I think we're going to do this like
this okay I can't do this cuz I can't
show my wi-fi stuff but uh let's uh
let's just try to run it and see what
happens
[Music]
for for
okay
sweet
so we have the IP
address of my
device oh my God that's so annoying
okay
for
[Music]
for for
what was it
10.20 did I even write it down anywhere
okay
cool okay
so
for for
maybe it wasn't up
yet oh wait you know what it was we're
on different networks I know what
happened hold on
okay yeah it was just we were on
different network so there was no way it
was going to
work okay cool
this time it should
work I don't think I need to be on
Wi-Fi like clearly something is going
wrong for
wait it
should it does
say WiFi connected
oh
nice okay so you know what all right if
the server is up let's just try to Ping
it
wait but the program is running right oh
wait changes every time that's super
annoying did I rerun
it okay wait so let me just switch
this oh yeah hi with a bunch of
eyes hi with a bunch of eyes Okay so
let's see what
happened okay cool but then
why what
received from server so it
didn't okay but it got the
command I think the problem is probably
that I just don't need to do this
okay wait where did where am I going
here we go so now in
here where's our system monitor or is it
oh this is the wrong guy it's this
one client
disconnected oh here there we go
wait what
happened okay all right I get it the
weird thing is that there's no
okay so
now
um we're going to need to
um we're going to need to send
the servo coordinates from my
phone that's going to be such a
pain I hate Android development I think
it's so enterpris and
Bloated it's like bro just let me write
a program
okay well anyways I guess we should just
get
started or first well I can do it
manually
for for
bro holy
cow okay so we're just going to follow
this guide because I can't be bothered
with too
much act like thinking about this we
just want an application that does this
basic thing
I wonder what kind of frame rates we're
going to
get okay write a mobile image write a
mobile image classification Android
application this app uses image
classification to continuously classify
B okay
okay this is probably a big
ass I don't think I want to oh wait
no I'm thinking of a different repo I'm
thinking of Onyx slm models which has
literally like like a thousand models in
it convert the model why don't they just
give me the converted
wait what what's the difference between
an onyx and an ort model that makes no
sense to me at
all okay I think we should just download
this thing
do we even have W get on
Windows okay
wait
what
mobile can we just do this one
okay so this is the whole thing right
can't I just download this
folder okay fine I'm just going to be a
drone and I'm going to do it
okay wait I'm just G
to do this
I mean this is a total mess but I I
don't really care
oh we need to uh
[Music]
all
right where are we putting
them mobile
examples come come on
bro
okay is this the same
thing no no it is
not we need to take the classes go to
mobile okay I'm just going to do this
because I cannot freaking be bothered
wait what that is the same thing app
Source main res okay so
then
here here here
okay oh my gosh this is why you you know
this one time in 10th Grade I had this
silly teacher that was like
what's up hey do you call
me so I had this silly teacher but she
actually gave an
amazing uh lesson one day so she had she
we get to class and there's this piece
of paper on all the desks and all it
says like read all these instructions
and it says all these to totally
nonsensical things to do and like an
idiot you mindlessly following him along
and you know it's kind of weird and you
see some kids smirking and laughing and
stuff and then you get to the end and
realize disregard all the above
instructions and you don't have to do
anything and that's how I feel this
thing you
know DED me
because I could have just done this but
whatever we're good
now freaking DED me man total
crap total
crap what is it open
project of course that doesn't
work oh my God
I just hate this
stuff okay open image
classification wait no mobile examples
image classification Android there we
go when was that three minutes ago okay
so now what do I do
this project uses the published Android
package for Onyx runtime oh that's
nice o that's also nice you can do some
tree shaking okay so build make
project okay
so yeah it's going to have to do a bunch
of
crap
e
e e
what kind of
nonsense what kind of nonsense is this
whatever I'm just going to do text and
see that it's
okay can't I isn't there a
binary isn't there just a
binary this is required to
oh I get it I don't know why it needed
to bother me with that
though what the hell man
this is what I'm saying where the hell
is this even coming
from
broh who cares this is where saying it's
like I don't even know where that
is there we go it's indexed now here are
the errors
what the hell is an
R what is that
wait where did the classes go oh did
does w get not just get
it I'm going to run that thing
oh yeah it's a
shell okay life is ridiculous
sometimes I thought W get actually gets
it
you know what we
cannot keep living like
this I wish I didn't have Windows I
should put something else on this but I
won't okay so mobile examples now where
the hell am I going image
classification
Android here are so many
folders it's crazy Bro mobile examples
Android
app
Source man why are there so
many why are there so many folders
bro res
raw save
okay does that resolve
something why isn't it in that
list okay I think one of them did go
away
oh I guess what it's doing
is wait
what it's in
there damn I I I think Android
development is just for total
losers this
sucks who likes
this I don't know how any of this works
so debugging is like a total pain in the
ass pair devices using Wi-Fi see see you
can use ADB over Wi-Fi
pixel
3A I feel like this probably doesn't
work can we try to run it on my device
you have to do that whole thing that's
totally
ridiculous go
settings
wiress
debugging where's the QR code thing
pair
using QR
code okay we should be good now
[Music]
it's actually such a shame
that Java got used for
Android I hate
Java you know what Java's probably not
that bad of a language it's just what
they they
it's just what they
did okay this is not working this is
taking
forever that's not right I'm just going
to reopen it
oh there we go
I wish it would stop doing that if I had
known that's what it was going to do
wait so did I get this app I don't even
know what it's called
inference okay so we don't have have
anything it's because of these build
erors what does that even mean oh my
gosh this is bothering me bro
what does that even mean all
right wait so what happens if I just
rename them
all how do I
rename main res Ro dude these people are
most insane
so we're just going
to okay so we're just going to do this
hopefully that resolves the issue but
who
knows also it's an ort file which I have
no idea what that even
is okay see that seemed to fix
everything so let's try it
again uh yeah it's text
what where did these even come
from I don't I don't know
I'm just going to delete these I
don't okay I just want this to be over
okay now we're starting to get somewhere
I
think now it's actually building
something nope oh my
God
for for
what is this weird nonsense about not
being able to have dots in your file
name I do not want to look at the Gradle
I don't understand why they have to make
everything so
complicated I just want to dude I just
want to write a c
function that does the
inference this just totally
ridiculous oh my [__] god
okay all
right you know what they should help me
out they should just be like hey just
make this
fix all right we're getting somewhere
guys okay so that oh wait hold on it's
opening oh permissions not granted a
lost connection
wait hold on we got to do it one more
time because it asks me for
permissions oh
perfect I thought at one point you could
see the
screen or is that just the emulator
let's try that
one it's fast but it's bad this model is
total
garbage but the inference time is pretty
low oh and the quantized
model you know but what is the point if
it's totally awful
what happened I thought I was able to
like view
it can't I watch it okay wait whatever
let me just open the app and I'll show
you guys what is going
on wait but doesn't that install the app
on my phone what is the app
called oh here we go I found
it okay oh there you go here's the
thing can we get this into its own
window oh but it's not going to have a
camera that's ridiculous that's what am
I talking about okay okay fine
so here we go it's running some
app bathing
cap doesn't have
human doesn't have human in the
list all right wait hold
on we got to get the
thumbnail what was that
I don't know that's there's probably
something good in there
peace so that's what we did so what did
we do we
got this thing finally connected to
Wi-Fi esp32 on the Wi-Fi then we were
able to have it listen for uh I guess
TCP socket connections to a specific
Port then we sent the command from the
computer to the over Wi-Fi to the esp32
and then we able to control this Servo
so the next step and what we're doing
right now is we're making a minimal
Android application that
will uh run our Onyx inference then over
Wi-Fi send the data to the esp32 which
will control the
pan so the wireless stuff is definitely
cool um the drawback is definitely using
the drawback is definitely having to use
Android